.TH CORE-REDUCER 1 "December 10, 2009" "version 0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
core-reducer \- reduce the size of a core dump, to enable sending over network
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B core-reducer
\-i infile [\-h] \-o outfile \-e exec [\-a addr] [\-m maps] [-s]
.SH DESCRIPTION
When an unhandled exception or signal occurs in an application there
is the potential for a core dump to be generated.  These core dumps
contain a large portion of the applications virtual address space and
as a consequence can be very large, running to hundreds of MB's.  When
received by a developer these are a very useful tool for debugging an 
application, however many cases arise when the core is dumped on an end
users machine.  It is preferrable to get this core dump to try and diagnose
the problem, however the transfer of such a large file accross a potentially
slow network connection is not feasable.
.PP
core-reducer attempts to solve this problem by reducing the amount of data
that is stored in a core dump.  By default it stores the Notes section, which
contains the register states of the application, the Stacks and the link map 
that is created by the dynamic linker.  This information is sufficient to 
provide statistical analysis and give an indication as to the problem that
has cause the application to fail.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
Display help text
.TP
\-i
The large core file that is to be processed.
.TP
\-e
The full path to the executable that has just crashed
.TP
\-a
An unused portion of the virtual memory address space of the application
that can be used for constructing the debug link map data in.  The address
of the heap from the /proc/$pid/maps can safely be used for this purpose.
.TP
\-o
The output file where the result of the procesing will be placed.
.TP
\-m
The maps file that should be used for backend post processing.
.TP
\-s
Take only the stacks and notes section from the origional core dump file. 
This will ignore the linkmap.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B core-reducer
Exits with a status of 0 if there were no error encountered. On error
.B core-reducer
exists with a non zero status. Errors will be logged to syslog.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Brian McGillion and Denis Mingulov
.SH SEE ALSO
proc(5), elf(5)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies).
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
