.TH RICH-CORE-EXTRACT 1 "2008-04-02" "sp-rich-core"
.SH NAME
rich-core-extract \- extract core dump or oopslog and metadata from a rich core
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rich-core-extract
.I filename [outputdir]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rich-core-extract
extracts the original core dump or kernel oopslog and additional metadata
(syslog etc.) from a rich core file. If only
.I filename
is given, a new directory of the same name without the
.B .rcore.lzo
extension is created
and rich core contents are extracted there.
.PP
If
.I filename
does not have a
.B .rcore.lzo
extension (
.B .rcore
is also accepted as it was used by older versions),
specify output directory in
.IR outputdir .
.PP
For safety,
.B rich-core-extract
always checks that
.I outputdir
is not an existing directory.
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
.B rich-core-extract ./browser\-11\-2260.rcore.lzo

.fi
Creates a new directory
.B ./browser\-11\-2260
and extracts rich core
contents as multiple files there. For example, the regular core dump
can be found at
.B ./browser\-11\-2260/coredump
.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B rich-core-extract
exits with status 0 if no errors were encountered. On error,
.B rich-core-extract
exits with status 1 and prints an error message on stderr.
.SH SEE ALSO
rich-core-dumper(1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies).
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
